README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Revise README for MoneyManager-Frontend project
Updated project name and enhanced project description with details about the Money Manager Frontend. Added tech stack and live demo link.

README.md, after:

# MoneyManager-Frontend

## About the Project

The **Money Manager** Frontend is a dedicated user interface designed to transform complex financial data into a clean, interactive dashboard. This project serves as the visual and interactive layer of the Money Manager ecosystem, built with a focus on performance and modern design principles.

- **User Interface:** Designing a high-performance, responsive frontend with React.js, HTML5, and CSS3 for a seamless web experience.
- **Dynamic Logic:** Implementing efficient state management and interactive features using modern JavaScript (ES6+) patterns.
- **Backend Connectivity:** Integrating with a Spring Boot backend through optimized RESTful API consumption to display real-time data.
- **Modern Deployment:** Utilizing CI/CD pipelines for automated hosting on platforms like Netlify or Render to ensure high availability.
  
## Repositories
- 🔗 Frontend (React): https://github.com/Sauravkr789/moneymanager-react-frontend


## Frontend Tech Stack
- **Core Framework:** React.js
- **Languages:** JavaScript (ES6+), HTML5, CSS3
- **Tooling:** VS Code, Git, GitHub, Postman (for API testing)
- **Deployment:** Netlify / Render

## Overview
<img width="952" height="412" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e38b22b0-9868-40d7-87d4-129c370ea087" />
<img width="937" height="412" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/aa7c13a4-2e66-4193-b52b-46a3b61069a0" />
<img width="938" height="408" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2667ab7b-3dcd-4c85-b41b-4e89d61a65d3" />
<img width="941" height="413" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b7ea5ebd-b859-4280-bf36-e9cd54229ccb" />
<img width="937" height="412" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c0d4a8d2-d82c-4580-972c-bb356faafd60" />


##

🌐 Live Demo: [https://moneymanager-v1-webapp.netlify.app/login]
